# CS-320

The best way to ensure that code is functional and secure is by testing. The best testing comes from multiple strategies. First, using the code as it was intended. Second, using the code as it was not intended. And lastly, testing to see if the code can be broken by the user intentionally. These should give a good coverage to ensure the quality of the code. To interpret user needs I need to put myself in the position of the user. I need to think about what I want the program to accomplish, how I would like it to accomplish this, and what obstacles could get in the way of me using the program. I then code and test in the mindset of the users so that what they expect is what is done. This ensures user-friendliness as well as functionality. In my opinion, the two ways to approach designing software are with the mindset that this has already been done and everything can be found in existing programs, or the mindset that nothing like this has been done and I must explore every possibility. Neither of the mindsets are good, but in the middle is the perfect fit for designing software. There are bound to be similar programs that you can learn from both what they did well and what they didn't. There is no point in wasting time working from scratch when you don't have to. However, even if there are thousands of programs like yours, there is something different that you could do that hasn't been tried. It is this mixture of learning from others and exploring for yourself that truly makes a good software designer.
